-- 29 of 454 --

xxx
Table 6 (Continued)
Codes for First Aid Data
Code 	Definition
Breath:
Resp support 	If a person breathes large amounts of this chemical, move the
exposed person to fresh air at once. If breathing has stopped,
perform artificial respiration. Keep the affected person warm and at
rest. Get medical attention as soon as possible.
Fresh air 	If a person breathes large amounts of this chemical, move the
exposed person to fresh air at once. Other measures are usually
unnecessary.
Fresh air; 100% O2 	If a person breathes large amounts of this chemical, move the
exposed person to fresh air at once. If breathing has stopped,
perform artificial respiration. When breathing is difficult, properly
trained personnel may assist the affected person by administering
100% oxygen. Keep the affected person warm and at rest. Get
medical attention as soon as possible.
Swallow:
Medical attention
immed
If this chemical has been swallowed, get medical attention
immediately.

in brackets). Information in this section reflects human data unless otherwise noted.
Abbreviations are defined in Table 5 (page xxvi).
First Aid
This section lists emergency procedures for eye and skin contact, inhalation, and ingestion
of the toxic substance. Abbreviations are defined in Table 6 (page xxviii).

oZone and PartiCulate Matter
The Air Quality Index (AQI) is a tool to provide the public with clear and timely
information on local air quality and whether air pollution levels pose a health concern.
The AQI is reported and forecasted every day in many areas throughout the United States
on local weather reports and through national media. Asthma episodes are most likely to
occur the day after outdoor pollution levels are high.
Schools can take simple steps to ensure the health and comfort of students when the AQI
reports unhealthy levels:
• Limit physical exertion outdoors.
• Consider changing the time of day of strenuous outdoor activity to avoid the
period when air pollution levels are high or consider postponing sports activities to
another time.
32